release: v1.58.1 (#6362)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bnjjj_fix_880.md

> ### Fix telemetry instrumentation using supergraph query selector ([PR #6324](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6324))
> 
> Query selector was raising error logs like `this is a bug and should not happen`. It's now fixed.
> Now this configuration will work properly:
> ```yaml title=router.yaml
> telemetry:
>   exporters:
>     metrics:
>       common:
>         views:
>           # Define a custom view because operation limits are different than the default latency-oriented view of OpenTelemetry
>           - name: oplimits.*
>             aggregation:
>               histogram:
>                 buckets:
>                   - 0
>                   - 5
>                   - 10
>                   - 25
>                   - 50
>                   - 100
>                   - 500
>                   - 1000
>   instrumentation:
>     instruments:
>       supergraph:
>         oplimits.aliases:
>           value:
>             query: aliases
>           type: histogram
>           unit: number
>           description: "Aliases for an operation"
>         oplimits.depth:
>           value:
>             query: depth
>           type: histogram
>           unit: number
>           description: "Depth for an operation"
>         oplimits.height:
>           value:
>             query: height
>           type: histogram
>           unit: number
>           description: "Height for an operation"
>         oplimits.root_fields:
>           value:
>             query: root_fields
>           type: histogram
>           unit: number
>           description: "Root fields for an operation"
> ```
> 

Author: `````suggestion
### Particular `supergraph` telemetry customizations using the `query` ([PR #6324](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6324))

Telemetry customizations like those featured in the [request limits telemetry documentation](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/routing/security/request-limits#collecting-metrics) now work as intended when using the `query` selector on the `supergraph`.  In some cases, this was causing a `this is a bug and should not happen` error, but is now resolved.

`````
